Fix modal verb "must" (#4222)
cplusplus/draft: source/statements.tex

declaration.
If control enters the declaration concurrently while the variable is
being initialized, the concurrent execution shall wait for completion

> of the initialization. The implementation shall not introduce
> any deadlock around execution of the initializer.
> \footnote{Deadlocks might
> still be caused by the program logic; the implementation need only
> avoid deadlocks due to its own synchronization operations.} If control

Reviewer: I'm nervous about this; the phrasing of this is vague, and "shall"ing it might add a requirement that's stronger than what we meant. I think rather than a "shall" here, we want to point out that introducing a deadlock would not satisfy "as if". How about this:

```suggestion
of the initialization.
\begin{note}
A conforming implementation cannot introduce
any deadlock around execution of the initializer.
Deadlocks might still be caused by the program logic;
the implementation need only avoid deadlocks
due to its own synchronization operations.
\end{note}
If control
```

Author: done
